I just like to speak two words, what it means to me and for all of our sanghas.
And as I think many of you maybe don't know, I'm one of the greatest teachers of the Nyingma
Buddhism school and a great philosopher, and his name was Temple Padna Sherab, or Tibetan Padna
Sherab.
And he was very, very dear for me and he's my brother.
He's been with me, or I've been with him for over 60 years.
But unfortunately, this year, he passed away very peacefully.
He showed every sign and indication as Buddha Shakyamuni taught in sutra and as well as in tantra.
I'm very proud and happy where he entered in Mahaparinarana and where he demonstrated to the
practitioners,
so I'm really, very happy for them.
But however, again, even Buddha taught so many times in Paramananda, he's just here all the time.
Yet, our mind is so strong, the grasp is so strong, we don't observe that very easily.
So he's very sad and very kind of lost it.
But however, we stand in our practice in meditation by his demonstration of the way he entered Mah
aparinarana
and as we told the teachings.
So today, again, we are able to invite all the Sangha members of many different places and offering
these.
And the Kyomolori, which is sponsoring of Dana.
Dana did this food and so we're very happy and we'd like to also ask to Sharanand Bante,
who has been our best friend in Sharanand Bante in a long time.
Since we came here, he was here and the former General Bante again be very kind and supportive to
get these places and so forth.
We're so thankful again he's able to come and with his Sangha members.
And then, as well as Korin Bante, who has been our neighbor here, right here.
Whenever we have come here, we don't have any place to stay.
And he's been so kind and wide ass and hospitality and his kindness.
Again, he's here today.
So we're so happy that he will also do a short breath.
And then we are going to do a short breath in our own language.
And then our neighbor, the Chichi monastery, again, is the monastery of his owner Chhezi Rummuji.
He's one of the great masters of the 20th century in Tibetan Buddhism.
I think also in the world, in the Buddhism world.
He's been so famous to all our world.
He was the supreme head of the numerous groups of Tibetan Buddhists.
And this, again, he's a nephew, Chichi Ramya Rummuji.
He's a keeping legacy and a vision of his wholeness, Tingong Chhenzi Rummuji.
And now we're so happy that they have found a beautiful stew, but right here, beautiful mongs here.
And they did a ceremony.
So I'm so honored and happy that we all thank for Chichi, all of them.
And how they really means to us and to follow all of us.
And so we are going to do a short breath in our own language.
And after that, then we have this dhana.
And again, thank you very much.
And that is the evening and what we're going to do.
Thank you.
But this evening we will do a short breath in our own language.